1)

	Firstly I had would have to work out the diameter of a penny. This could be done either via the internet or by drawing a circle round the penny then measuring it from side to side.
The diameter of the penny is 19mm.

	Next the total floor space of the golden gate bridge would have to be considered. Using Wikipedia, the width of the bridge is 27.4 meters while the length is 2,737.4 meters.
This gives a total area of 75004.76 m2.

	So that the coins don’t overlap we will in fact presume they are squares so that only the edges of the coins will touch. The square will have sides of 19mm(or 0.019m). Therefore the area a singular coin will cover will be 0.000361 m2.

	Next using a calculator, I have divided the total area of the bridge by the area of a singular penny. This will give the total number of pennies that could fit on the bridge.
Total number of pennies that could fit on the bridge: 207769418, with a little space left over.


2)
3 Sizes could be:
	7.91cm: 4.45cm for screenshots and images in the actual article
	16cm: 9cm could be used for the main logos on the page
	4cm: 2.25cm could also be used for buttons and links to other pages

3) Explanation

It would take 4 moves for the knight to move across the board.
Move 1 would have it move forward 2 of the 8 squares
Move 2 would have it move forward another 2 squares,
At Move 3 the knight would move forward another 2 squares leaving it on the 7th square
Move 4 would be the final move in which the knight moves across 3 squares and forward 1 as it can no longer move forward by one move

Didn't add a graph, because this is my first time using GitHub and I'm struggling a bit

4)
I was struggling to be creative, and show my fire
So I wrote a poem, I hope it isn’t dire
You want me to prove this is more than a job to me?
Please, I’ve been playing video games since I was 3
A day wasn’t done, till sonic was won
And I had great fun, so I got bought a PS1

Running about collecting fruit
My first game was Crash Bandicoot
Playing hard and staying up late
It got worse, when I got final fantasy 8
Tomb Raider, V rally and football
I had to play every game, I wanted them all
But then games stopped being so new,
And I ran out of steam
Then I bought the ps2
And it made me dream.

Imagine if I could have a job involving video games!
And since my life has never been the same
I became a gaming geek
Now IGN you have the positions that I seek
So I’m leaving it up to you
But can you please make a lifelong dream come true?
Now if you’ll excuse me,
I’m gonna read up on E3
